<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-model href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dig-eg-gaz/resources/master/egSchema.rnc" type="application/relax-ng-compact-syntax"
?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0">
    <teiHeader>
        <fileDesc>
            <titleStmt>
                <title level="m" type="main">Egyptian Gazette</title>
                <title level="m" type="sub">An encoded transcription</title>
                <editor>Courtney Coyle</editor>
                <principal>Will Hanley</principal>
            </titleStmt>
            <editionStmt>
                <edition>
                    <date>2016-09-26</date>
                </edition>
            </editionStmt>
            <publicationStmt>
                <publisher>FSU University Libraries</publisher>
                <pubPlace>Tallahassee, FL</pubPlace>
            </publicationStmt>
            <sourceDesc>
                <bibl>
                    <title>Egyptian Gazette</title>
                    <date>1905-03-28,March 28,1905</date>
                </bibl>
                </sourceDesc>
                        </fileDesc>
                    </teiHeader>
                    <text>
                        <body>
                            <div type="page" n="1">
                                <head>THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE</head>
                                <head type="sub">No. 7239] ALEXANDRIA, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1905. [SIX PAGES P.T.
                                    1.
                                </head>
                                <div type="section" scope="advertisement">
                                </div>
                            </div>
                            <div type="page" n="2"> </div>
                            <div type="page" n="3"><head>THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE,  MONDAY, MARCH 27,1905.</head>
<head>THE WAR.</head>
JAPANESE INACTIVE
THE RUSSIAN RETREAT
London, March 25.
- .\o,.i.,'v loans from Gum Zaling Russian reargaurd occupies a strong30 miles to the south of	 the you'll get Grant Zuling.
The centre is at Sipingai on the railway. The tanks are covering the roads on either side of the main army, which continues its retreat activity. The Japanese are inactive, with the
THE PROSPECTS OF PEACE.
PARTISANS MORE NUMEROUS. OYAMA INTERVIEWED.
St. Petersburg, March 25.
THIRD BALTIC SQUADRON.
DEPARTURE FROM SUEZ.
(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, Saturday.
, As telegraphed already, the third squadron
The belief i> growing in usually well-inform- Qf p^e galtic Fleet left here this morning for ed quarters that Russia before long will take gue^ with the exception of the hospital ahi|> steps to ascertain tho Japanese peace condi- I “Kostroma," which entered the canal yesterday tions.	afternoon at five o'clock, and which will oon-
The partisans of jiCHce are daily becoming tinue to Djibouti without awaiting the main more numerous, even in the official world. | pfirtion 0f the squadron. Every precaution baa
EX-EMPRESS EUGP.IES DEFARTUBE.
Vopt! ■>!• ivirguard
-t-.
skirmishes with the ( /(ruter.j
icocral 1/ era! cavai railway.
,St. Petersburg, Mareh 25. enitch mi the 24th ia-t, reports skirmishes iu the vicinity of
( /(enter.)
(JoUTriloiLlNE, March 25. ipanese are expectetit■ ■ take the olleu-
■uiost Kuin.
f Hacur.)
ToKlO, March 20.
. The ci-eniy have retreated from ; to war,Is iianiuiigeliou, 90 miles a! ihe railway.	f /(rater./
GKX. GKII’EXHERG.
DEPRIVED OF COMMAND.
imp rim c.. 'trg of the aiichuiian Army mp to the Tsar.
PEruitsauRG, March 20. t r, use (teprivea General roumiai.d of the Second though he remaius aide-de-
( Ri litre..
THE JAPANESE LOAN.
London, March 25.
iln English half of the Japanese loan ii -~ aheady been underwritten in England. The \tm rieati half has been over-subscribed in New York.	ti(eutn.)
They base their hopes on the certainty that the Japanese conditions will 1 e more onerous I a few months hence, on tho delay in tho mobilization, and on the difficulty of raising loans.	{/(outer.)]
London, March 25.
Tho “Daily Telegraph" states there are reasons for believing that, as a last resort, Japan will not insist upon a money indemnity, provided the permanent enjoyment of the concessions she demands is absolutely gua ranteed to her. It is suggested that Great Britain and the United States should guarantee the strict observance of the terms of peace.
< Reuter.)
be< n taken to guard against any “regrettable incidents'' iu Egyptian waters; the banks ot the canal are being strongly guarded by, special patrols of police and ooastguardsmen, and all other traffic has been stopped. His Britannic Majesty’s Consul, Mr. Cameron, an<| the Commandant of Police, Sohalck Bey, left for Ismailia and Suez by the midday train, whilst the Russian Consul-General, M. Maxi-moff, left by the 8.10aja. train.
The squadron has drawn a sum of £26,000 from the Credit Lyonnais for their expense*, and of this more than 47,000 < ran os have been paid in canal dues.
The report is current that a seoond. division of this squadron will set sail early next month and that three torpedo boat* are awaiting them at Suda, but I cannot vouch for the troth
men have lulfided every hope.
(tteuter.,
LjCAL AiND GENERAL
STATE OF RUSSIA.
Tokio, March 26.
Reuter s correspoudeut has had au iuterview ^ rnmonr. with Oyama, who refused to discuss the prob- j){„ch interest has been arouaed by the ability of peace, but intimated that the army Le]egiam announcing that a Russian torpedo is ready to continue the war so long as it is	writh a fleet behind it was sighted off
necessary to do so. Japau is forced to fight in port jj0nj#i but the general opinion is that the he interests ot international peace and for her	boat and fleet were not Ruasian
own satety. lie paid a tribute to the bravery j)(]t japaueae. As far as we know, the Baltic ot tho Russians. The Japanese officers and | jg IU)Wbere near the Indian Ooean, aud
we have every reason to believe that the Japanese fleet is cruising in those waters, whilst the Baltic Fleet is generally supposed to be sailiug towards Djibouti, where it will meet the third squadron. It it therefore matter for speculation whether we shall the Russians pass back through the canal very shortly, or, if the Japanese fleet ie really giving chase, whether we shall hear of its total cxtcimiuation, for it is a very safe prophecy to say that the fleets which have passed through the canal can make no stand agAist a Japanese trie* which is in as good a condition now as at the beginning of the war. The Jai>aiiese ships have all been recently overhauled and thoroughly repaired, whilst those of the Russians are almost without ex-I eepti. n of ancient date, are badly damaged by heavy weather in many instances, and are
H. M. S. “Aide lor the iked Sea.
lelt Alexandria yesterday
ILLU8TRIOU8 GUEST LEAVES CAIRO.
The ex-Empreas Euglnie and suite, who have been staying at the Savoy, are leaving hy the P. and 0. steamer from Port Bald today.
The ex Empress left Cairo by train for Port Said at 11.6 a.m.A very large number of distinguished people were present at the station to bid farewell to the illustrious visitor.' Among them were H.H. the Khedive, who offer^I.taia arm to the ex-Empreas and conducted her to her carriage in person ; Lady Cromer, tjie diplomatic representatives of several of die, Powers, Pyiqce Hussein Pasha KameJj, Yacoub Pasha Artin, and many well-known members of the Government and Cairo society.'' A beautiful bouquet was presented to the ex-Empiess by Mine De Martino.
We understand that the ex-Empraes expressed her appreciation of her stay at the Savoy Hotel, and has been greatly interested and gratified by her visit
The Legislative Council will probably meui oil April 1.
The biUTisn Yaciit "Miranda" and the French yacht "Aigle' lett Alcxaudriayesterday.
The Alexandria Flower Show has been UXcd to take place on isaturilay aud Sunday, April 15 and 16.
GEN. BULLOCK'S COMMAND.
Brigadier General G. M. Bullock, Q. R., left Alexandria this morning by the 9 o’olook train from Moharrem Bey station, lor Cairo, he having already assumed offiuisting comgngsd of the British Hoops in Egypt on the departure of General Slade.
A guard of honor, furnished by the 2nd Royal Berks Regiment, was in position at the station at 8.30 a.m., and offioers commanding, units, heads of departments, and field offioers not on duty were present to witness the General's departure,
A salute of 11 guns was fired from Fort Kom-el-Dik.
The General arrived at Cairo at 12.16 p.w. aud was met at the statiion by the Heed quarters Staff and the field offioers of the garrison, as well as by a number of offioers of the Egyptian Army. A guard of honor, turuished by the King’s Royal Rifle Cospe, was in attendance.
Anile Rudolph.—Mr. Mature has seut £1 lire flume iu memory ut I he late M.
tiiu»eppe Saitoh, and m. A. Sukuriu £1 iu | manned tiy orews of uutraiued and uneducated
GRAVE STRIKE DEVELOPMENT.
St. Petersburg, March 26.
I he police have discovered 80 bombs in a (.rave in the Powi uski Cemetery at Waisaw. Some arrests have been made.
A crave development in the strike movement Iihm taken piaca here. For the first time, tho men have damaged the owners’ property.
Two mills, employing 8,000 hands, have been closed iinii finitely.	(Heater.)
Warsaw, March 26.
A bomb was thrown at the carriage ot the chief of police, who was seriously wounded.
(Hanu
memory ot the late Al. George Suouiis.
International Chamber of Commerce.— The February Bulletin ot tbe Chamber contains I among other interesting mutter au article on Lea Eutrepreueuis des Travaux Publics” aud another on "Les Grands Ports d'Kurope.”
MAXIM GORKI.
TO BE PROSECUTED.
St Pptersburo, March 25
Tho authorities have decided to prosecute Maxim Reiki, who i.« now at Riga under surveillance, on the :L.iigi of having draftee yr. damation* aiming to overthrow the existing state oi tho Empire.
Gorki’s health ha> broken down. Heisliable to three years' detention in a fortress. {K.j
St. Petersburg, March 26.
The trial of Maxim Gorki lor inciting to revolt will take place on May 12 uext. (H.)
Suez Canal.—On the 23rd inst. 13 vessels passed through the Canal, 6 ot which were British, 1 Uettnau, 1 Austrian, 1 American, 2 Turkish, 2 French. Tue day sj receipts were irs. 335,968.77, making tbe total lrotn the 1st rest. Irs. 8,040,033.
CoqUELtN Cadets Visit.—Owing to the delay in the arrival ot the Italian steamer, the debut ot Coqueliu Cadet at the Zizinia 1 heatre last nigut could not take plaoe. The first performance will take plaoe this evening, wfieu "Mademoiselle de ia BeigtiCrc will fie termed.
Port Louis, Mareh 26. Further investigation discredits the steamer’s A. L. M. & D. 8. — We are requested to I report mentioned on the 23rd inst. (Reuter.)
remind our readers ot the lecture to be given to-morrow night by Rev. K. Kynd, B.A., ou The Natural Use ot the Voice,at the Sailors’ and Soldiers’ Institute, commencing at 6.30 ,iu. Non-members of the society win be admitted on payment of P.T. 2.
t
IHE SIAMESE LOAN.
The
mount!
subscriptions to d to £8,0011000.
oNDON. March 25. the Siamese loai r Reuur.
K AISER S VISIT TO TANGIER
Tangier, March 26.
The Sultan’* uncle Alidel Mshk is coming
Li re to greet the Emperor William, fR<uter.
GERMAN EM PRESS'S TRIP.
Tho Kii
Vecebia t<
Rome. March 25
g and Queen have gone to Civits meet the German Empress. (//.
THE SULTAN OF ZANZIBAR.
Dover, March 26.
The Sultan of Zanzibar arrived here, and proceeded to Oatend.	(Reuter.)
ITALIAN CABINET CRISIS.
Rome, March 25.
The Ministry, referred to on the 16th inst., has resigned.	(Reuter.
peasants.
(Prom our Correspondent).
Suez, Saturday.
The "Kostroma” and the “Herman Lerohe” arrived here this forenoon and anchored in the Suez made. The whole of the squadron is expected about 10 o’olook tbia evening. Traffie iu the canal has been stopped daring their pur-age.
(From our Correspondent).
Suez, Sunday.
The Russian squadron sailed this afternoon
at 4.30.
RODJESTVENSKY’8 SQUADRON.
THE GRAND MUFTI.
The rumour published by the “ Lewa,” that the Grand Mufti of Egypt had resigned, is in correct. The rumour arises from the fact that be has resigned his position on the oominittee ot administration of Al Axhar University. He will still retain his functions as the head of the board which deals with aspirants tor the oadtabip.
THE KHEDIVE.
The Khedive spent yesterday at Koubbeh Palace aud came in to Abdeen this morning.
WRECK NEAR ABOURIR.
THE BRITISH GARRISON.
ESTIMATED COST.
A Greek vessel, the name of which is as yet unknown, was wreoked early this morning off the ooast near Aboukir.
8YRIANS EXPELLED.
Mr. Powell, the United States Minister nt Port an Prince, has notified the State department at Washington that the Haytien Govern m«nt has proclaimed the expulsion of the Syrians (Ottoman subjects), tbe hostility ot the population towards whom occasioned disturbances in the republic last antomn, and for whose proteotion Mr. Powell intervened at the time.
All (Saints Benevolent I'Und.—We call our readers' attention to the uotice which appears in another column of the concert in aid of the fund to be giveu at the British Agency next Wed..e-day afternoon at 3.3u Signor KongevalU is kindly giving his valua file services ou the occasion.
(From our Correspondent).
London, March 18.
The British garrison of 3,243 of all ranks in Egypt is estimated to cost £305,292, and as already intimated in my notes, the Khedive’s Government will contribute the increased sum of £100,000 towards its maintenance. The H. M. Transport “Plassy,” (Capt. F. H. 10hief items which go towards making up the Seymour), reached Port Said ou Sunday morn- gUm of £305,292 are—pay, £168,000, medioal with 980 troops ut all ranks from Bombay. I establishment, £8,630, lodging, stable, and Aitor coaling aud embarking 85 details of the field allowanoe, hire of barracks and build-Ariny of Occupation the "Plassy” left at ingg( £9,920; Army Servioe Corps subor-1 p.m. for Southampton direct Major Murray Minutes aud crews of vessels, £4,800; pro-
is the officer commanding the troops.
Ancient Egyptian Religion. — A very interesting work by Professor Steindorff on the religion of tbe ancient Egyptians is to be published in the forthcoming spring publishing season by Messrs. Putnam’s Sons. Another work in connection with Egypt, which is to he published shortly, is “Stadia Sinaitioa,”
edited by A. S. Lewis and M. D. Gibson. It | been spent on the work.
consists of forty facsimiles of dated ArabioMSS.
visions, forage, light, fuel, colonial allowance, £64,780 ; clothing, £15,000 ; Army Ordnance Department wages, £2,350, and engineering works, £16,599.
A sum of £2,000 will be expended on renewing the roofs of the Kasr-el-Nil Barraoks, Cairo, in 1905-06. The original estimated sum for • His work was £4,500, subsequently reduced by £1.000. Of the latter estimate, £1,300 has
THE AGRICULTURAL BANK.
Under “City Notes” in the “Pall Mall Gazette” we read :—We^l authenticated fm mount are afloat of an impending imprqT®-ment in the position of the £1,875,000 3J per oent bonds of this bank. We understand that negotiations are on foot whioh will result in the interest on these bonds being guaranteed by the Government, instead of merely participating in the general guarantee whioh at present exists in regard to the capital of the bank. In retnrn for this certain concessions are to be made by the bank in other directions. These bonds are now quoted at96i, and will be ex-div. (1} per cent.) on 1st prox , at whioh prioe they look rather attractive. It is also worth remembering that there is no stamp duty to be paid by purchasers.
THE VIENNA CHORAL SOCIETY.
From a Bbtrout Guide Book.—Mr. Eus- j tace Reynolds Bull quotes in the “ Express’’ some of the felicities of a local guide book to I the Baulbak Acropolis. Elijah is referred to ae “ This confounded prophet came to Baal.” j
CATTLE PLAGUE.
From (he latest cattle plague bulletin it appears that there were 80 deaths from bovine typhus during the past week and 1,365 ino-
Describing the view to be obtained from the olllfttiong ^ Mram were effected.’ Daring
" Cedars of Lebanon,” the author states that “the scenery is delightful and enobanting. The sea from afar looks like a vast, beautitul prairie, and Besheri, with the mountains that surround it from all directions, make the view so nice.
the corresponding week, last year there were 3,780 deaths from the disease. The mortality figures sinoe the beginning of the epi demio amount to 146,948.

AKLToN HOTEL
Bulkeley. Rsumleh.
T«n mlnoM from AlnatdrW. rtnt-Olaw la mwj t v«nr KwSwWflolMMwsa. Mkdq kiMI	~
| SAVOY HOTEL, LUXOR.
Best and most comfortable, unique tor its position on Nil* bank. Under German Manage rnant. Moderate charges. Patmoisad by office'
• daily
PERSONAL AND SOQIAJU
A SUCCESSFUL EXHIBITION.
The members of the Vienna Choral Society gave a most successful oonoert at the Khedi-vial Opera House on Friday night. H. H. the Khedive, Prince Ahmed Foad, and Prince Muhamed Aly were present, with many of the members of the Corps Diplomatique, and tbe Opera House has seldom been so fall. Many of the items in the programme were encored by a very appreciative houce, among them Schumann’s “Ritoumelle," the“ArabSerenade,” by Koemser, and BrehmVWilgenlied,” which was admirably given. The Choral Sooiety are evidently admirably trained, their singing is full of expression and delicate shading, and their time perfect; we have seldom heard a Urge chorus that was so psrfeotiy “in hand," and the oonduotors, Messrs. Kremser and Honberger, deserve great oredit
On Saturday afternoon the members society went, at the invitation of the Ai Hungarian Colony, for an excareion Pyramids, and on Snnday at 4 p m. they, another very suooeesfnl oonoert at theGF Casino.
This evening they will serenade Abdeen Palace and be aooorded a reoeption by H. H. the Khgdiva,
lb spite of a slight khamseen on Saturday there was a large influx ’ of visitors into the! Khedivial Horticultural Society’s grounds on 8Rturday afternoon. TW Horticultural Show was opened at 8 p.m. by H:H. Prinoe Hussein Pasha Kamel, the distinguished' president of the sooiety, and among the earliest visitors were Lord Cromer, the Hon. J. W. Biddle, the Marquis di Bahrsgo-Rsggi, Mansfield Pasha, and Adly Pasha Yeghsn. The Sirdar and! seven! of the Ministers, tbe Duke end Duchess of Devonshire, Sir William Garetin, Mr. Pi Maohell, Mr. Webb, Mr. and Mrs. Alban, Birch Paaha, Sir William and lady WiUoocks, Johnson Pasha and Mrs. Johnson, Dr. Maeken-rie, Dr. and Mrs. Keut:-- -a. Dsan Batcher, tire Judicial Adviser and .a. Mcllwruitb, Mr.' Clifton, Mr. and Mrs. Soott-Dalglush, Mr. and Mrs Ross, and Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred Carey weae among the many who visited the show on the Saturday afternoon, and on Sunday a large was again expected, but was some what raduoed by the khamseen whioh still blew, and the murky and unpleasant nature ot the day. l’hs exhibit*, however, suffered very1 little from the we*titer—though some of the oranges wore rather a wilted look—and within; the exhibition building the air was delightfully oool.
Notwithstanding a backward season,the show was quite up to the standard of previous yesrt,! both in the quality and quantity of the ex hibits. A vary fine show of cinerarias exhibited by the Qhizeh Noreery.Taniim Department, was, greatly admired, find Ahmed Bey KholoosMl also took honors with a striking if smaller collection of these flowers. In the oentral hall of the building was a remarkable oolleotion of cacti and ioe plants of various species exhibited! by Prinoe Ahmad Pasha Fuad. The prize for zonal pelargoniums was won by Dr. K satin go and a must interesting oolleotion of desert flowers, made by Mr, Franz Eglin, deserves special mention. Ahmed Bey Kholoussi, Mr) Uiliberti, Dr. Mackenzie, Dr. Keatings Mr. Sohutz, Judge Bandars, Boniteau Bey, and Mr. Waller were all very suooeasful exhibitors Lady Cromer obtained a first prize for a vase of beautiful roses and. the table tieooretions were much admired, the first prize for a deooreted dinner table of 8 ouvers being won by Urn.! Brunyate, while Miss Boyle’s we* the best luncheon table. The exhibits of vegetables were very creditable to both the amateurs and; nnrsarymen, bat tbs' frait, as ws have said,] suffered rather from the heat. Tbe School of Agriculture was remarkably auooesrful in the vegetable (amateur) okas, winning no Isas ♦Kan in first and second prizes. The following, is the list of prize-winners.
Special Prises :—
Class 2. Prize for Desert Ftowere (presented by Lord Dormerk Mr. Prita Eglin. ‘.
3. Prize for Zonal Petargoniums (presented
by Mrs. Wilfred Carey). Br. Keatings.
6. Group of foliage plants and flowers in pots. Ahmed Bey KholotusL 8. Government gardens—Group of foliage plants and flowers iu pots. Tanrim Department. Uhizeh Nursery.
9. 90 pots only of Annuals, Biennials and to beroaa rooted plants. 1st Mr. Giliberti 2nd, Mr. Findlay.
10.	10 pots only of Annuals, Biennials and tu berons rooted plants. 1st, Ahmed Bey Kholoussi.
11.	19 pots only of Bulbs in flower. 1st Ahmed Bey Kholoussi; 2nd, Johnson Pasha.
12.	6 pots at least of Petunias. lgt,Ahmed Bey Khotouasi ; 2nd, Mt. Findlay.
15.	Various priiee awarded by Judges for pot plants in Flower not included iit Schedule. Bonitenau Bey and Ahmed Bey Kholoussi,
16.	12 pots of Ferns of at least 4 kinds. 1st, Ahmed Bey Khelouagt ^M ).
17.	12 pots ot Crotons. 1st, Ahmed Bey Kholotasai'(S. M.); 2nd, Boniteau Bey (S.M.).
12 pote of Coleus. 1st, Ahmed Bey Khor tonasi.
Extra Prize 100 P.T. for Foliage Plante not iooluded in Sohedule. 1st) Ahmed Bby Kholoussi.	‘ *•
91. Margarita Carnations, 1 box. 1st, Mr. Giliberti ; 2nd, Mr. Sohuts.
Dianthus, 1 box. 1st, Dr. Keatinge ; 2nd, Mr. Giliberti.
Two boxes of Zonal Pelargoniums. 2nd, Boniteau Bey.
25. Oue box of Ivy leaved Geraniums. 1st, Dr. Msokeuzie.
27.	Naroissas or Jonquils (one box). Equal 1st, Judge Sandare and Mrs. Johnson Pasha ; special, Mrs. Crafton.
28.	Pansies (one box). 1st, Mr. Giliberti; 2nd, Dr. Maokensie.
29.	Petunias (one box). 1st, Kholoussi Bey.
81. Violets, single. 1st, Mr. Sohutz; 2nd, Mr.
Giliberti.
32.	Phlox. 1st, Kholoussi Bey; 2ud, Dr. Maokenzie,
33.	Stooks. 1st, Mr.Giliberti; 2nd, Mrs. Poaden.
34.	Nasturtiums. 1st, Mr. Giliberti; 2nd, Boniteau Bey.
37. Anemones. 1st, Judge Bandars ; 2nd, Mr. Giliberti.
88. Ranunoulus. 1st, Mr. Sohntz ; 2nd, Mr.
Giliberti	.	-
41. Cat Flowers, not included in Sohedule.— 1st, Dr. Keatinge and Judge Bandars; 2nd Mrs. Butcher and Mrs. Grafton.
48. Host 6 boxes of ont flowers (Native garden ere only).—2nd Abdallah Ahmed; 3rd Ahmed Mnstaphe ; 4th Moh. Oharara. Extra Prize for Cyolamens.—Mr. Giliberti. Special Objet d'Art—Mrs. Curtis for out flowers.
Special Objet d’Art.— Tanrim Dept, Ghiash Nursery, for group.
Special 8ilver (Hit Medal. - Prince Ah^d PuMPu^focgrottpofCeoti,
Mustapha Paeha Fehjjp^, Prepdent of the loonoil of Ministers, is giving a Tjig diploasetio lirmer at tbe Savoy Hotel 06 TutaJUy.Atrffl 4.
Abani Pasha, Minister ofWar, is also giving hit annual dfnnere at the Savoy Hotel.
Last Saturday’s small' danoe-at the Savoy Hotel was again a very great snooess. The restaurant, ball-room and'other tatoaa, by a well-arranged ventilation, were as oool 'ae one oo old wish. The restaurant was ee- fall a* ft has bean every other evening in the seaeon. Among those giving dinner partial we notieed Mrs. Fqrk Lyle, with a party of H, inctatkag Mr. and Mia. G. Boyle, Mize R«yk, Gapt Maclean, CbL and Mra. Watson, CiipC BaUy, Mr. and Mia. Kirkwood, Cagit, Ksqnedy.-; Mr. and Mrs. Paravhani had a.panty of 6 ; and Mr*. C. Beil a.party of 16, in^ndiwg Mr, and Mrs Crawley, Major Palmar, Major and.Mzk. Peter, Mr. and Miss Raid, Capt. Byros, Miss Stevenson, Capt and Mra. BaRty, Mire Leith, Mrs. Campbell, Capt Wauahan ;Coionel Mo-berly had a party of 8, including Mra Stpart, Capt and Mrs, Gillaon, Capt Lewin ; Major Spoog entertained Mr. and Mrs. Crookahank Pasha; Mr. Temple, had a party.of 5,Mr. Hogg a party of 4, Lord and Lady. Armstrong
party of 8, including CoL Sir A. FitzGeorge, Mias FiuGeorge,.l&, and Mrs. Brookes Bay ; Mrs. and Miss Sroallman had a party of 8, Major Tburiow a party of 7, Mjss Hubbard a party of 8, eto., etc.
The ex-Empress Eugenie bad at her teble M. Maspdro, Comte and Comteete de S^rionne, Comte Clary, Prinoesse Bonaparte, de laMjm kawa, MUe.de Haesano, and M. F; Pietri.
The Duke and Duobeta of Devonshire me leaving by the P. and 0. steamer1 for Europe today after a delightful stay at the Savoy.
The Austro-Hun Cairo, Const ' entertained a ot the private
Boleeta of friends to (
cCtbeBeroy
IBP T-begiMpfawwi Pas ha, Baron, Baroness end Miles. Van dm Dp de Villebois, Count and Countess Antoihe < Zogbeb.Mlle. deZoghebJBeron vob Oppenheim, Comte de Vauvineox, Hon. j. W.. Spile,, 4* United States Consul-General, Mr, Mortmn, Miss Oldfield, M. and Mme. de Sms. Major and Mrs. L’Bstren» Johnston* Miss Gertrude Hurley, Mr.' Sohueiderhuhn, Mr. Sandieh, Mi. Ed. Kiemaer, Mr. Henberger, Cattaui B«y, tad Chevalier Peril Peck de Hanafpttt.
45.	Basket of Flowere (other then Roses). 1st) Mist Royle ; 2nd, Mrs. J. Sohuts.
46.	Vase of Roses. 1st, Countses of Power;
2nd, Mrs. Foaden.	h , v
48. Bouquet of Flowsrs. let, Ibsahim Abdallah ; 2nd, Abdallah Akoed.
Extra 1st for BattonMoiaa, Akared MM
18.
20.
22.
28.
69. Dinner table of 8 oovars. Is* Mrs Brtro-yate ; 2nd, Mias S^fie ; Sti Mm- DeA-geon ; 4th, Mr*. MeMwmitia "JX 58. Lnnoheost Table of 8' eovere. 1st, Min Royle; 2nd, Mrs. FosAie, -
STKAMRR MQVRMgNTK
The Plorio-Rnbettirm ^••^gqpoiq“Mipy-ed at Alexandria today nearly 24 boula behind tune, owii* tpe^ialey effie*boujsat Messin* and rough weather.
The Measageries Maritimei “N^mf’ » due at Alexandria to-morrow morning from Mantille*.
The KB. “Bameeep” sailed from. Liverpool on Friday last, and,is due hen about the 7th prox., with peasengsrs, mails arid general
cargo.
The S.S. “Nitoovis” arrived at Iiverpool on Saturday last
The S S. “Syrian Prinoe” left Mwohertar for Malta and Alexandria on Thursday last, with passengers and general cargo.
The EUbrman 3.S. “AdaKa” sailed henoe on Saturday for Manchester with passengers and a general cargo, in chi ding IP,154 bales ootton and 11,457 bags onions.
The EUerman S.S. “Flaminian” sailed hence on Sunday fqr Liverpool direot with 'general cargo, Including 619 bales ootton and 14,819 bags onions.
The EUerman S S. “City of Venioe" is expected here on Thursday’from Fiume and will immediately begin loading for Liverpool.
The Weetoott 8.8. “Bulgarian” arrived here this morning from London and Malta with general cargo.
Windsor PhfM-nriooy
• " - ” ' K**r-el-Nil Squsnrsl,- OAINO.
BEST CHEMICAiFiOilfiTB. , briitk an4 foreign PtreaipboM oareftfly |npnd by Owfltsatal OkaflabL
m-wara igigiMiiifmm.
JiLL
Aoilo-Americu Nile Statmr,
‘ v^> * tt6irwnJ oofcri»Airr.
wvtH mmm vwarmmm nrwwi 4 tm Three Salllege e-Weeh.
THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE,TUESDAY, MARCH 28,1905
I
lHII.IHNC
PS  EN ROUTE.
Yalta (Crimea), March 27. disorders have broken out here. The police barracks and most of the warehouses and vodka shops have been wrecked and the Chief of the Police wounded. A number of shops are still burning. Reinforcements have been summoned. Warships are going from Sevastopol.	(Reuter.)
Warsaw, March 27.
A bomb was yesterday thrown into the carriage of Baron Nolken, Chief of Police, who was severely wounded. He was driving to investigate an earlier outrage at the police station, across the Vistula, in which 6 police-men were wounded. M. Nolken's assailant escaped alter shooting the pursuing policeman dead.
The man who threw the bomb into the police station was wounded. He was captured and removed to the hospital. The whole affair was an elaborate conspiracy on the part of the revolutionaries, who perpetrated the first outrage with the object of inducing M. Nolken to cross the Vistula.	(Reuter.)
UNION WITH GREECE PROCLAIMED INSURGENT MOVEMENT.
Canea, March 27.
As a result of discontent following the Prince’s most absolute rule, 600 armed Cretans assembled near the town as a provisional national assembly, under the presidency of M. Papayanuakis, and proclaimed the union of the Island with Greece. They appealed to the Powers not to employ force for the maintenance of the present regime. Prince George has issued a proclamation appealing to the population and denouncing the movement.
A Russian gunboat has brought reinforcements for the Cretan gendarmery at Canea.
(Reuter.)
Mrs. Planta ; two wicked sisters, Mrs. Critch- ley and Baroness A. Menacco; the King, Mr. Constantinidis; the Queen, Mrs. Chataway, The pavanne will be danced by about 40 ladies and gentlemen. The music has all been arranged and adapted by Mr. Nicholas Sinadino. Col. McCracken has kindly promised the band of the Berks Regiment free of charge, for the charity.
NEW HOTEL ENTERPRISE.
ST. MARK'S CHURCH. PERSONAL AND SOCIAL
UPPER EGYPT HOTELS COMPANY. JUBILEE OF ITS CONSECRATION.
Canea, March 27.
The insurgents have addressed a proclamation to the Powers in favor of the union of Crete to Greece.	(Havas.)
Maltese Benevolent Society. — At the annual general meeting of the Alexandria Maltese Benevolent Society the following gentlemen were elected to form the committee for the year 1905 :—Avv. Mario Vella, president; Mr. Roberto Stabile, vice-president; Mr. H. Caruana Nani and Mr. F. French, secretaries; Mr. S. A. Frendo, hon. treasurer, and Mr. Roberto Csrailleri, Mr. P. Bonnet and Mr. G.P. Podesta, auditors. The members of the committee are Messrs. A. Bajada, C. Buhagiar, Leandro Camilleri, A. Cilia, G. Morello, A. Thei, and Antonio Zarb. The accounts for the past year were read and approved. The receipts are largely on the increase.
OUTRAGE AT TANGIER.
“TIMES” CORRESPONDENT STABBED.
Tangier, March 27.
Mr. Harris, the "Times" correspondent, hue standing in the British Post Office here, was stubbed in the stomach by a man. The injury inflicted, however, was only slight. (R.)
St. Petersburg, March 27. The rioters have set fire to the police offices at Yalta, where great excitement prevails. (H.)
THE PROSPECTS OF PEACE.
“AIR PULL UP RUMOURS.”
London, March 27.
Reuter's Agency learns from St. Petersburg that the Ministers at their Council last Friday agreed to the principle that the present time is an opportune one for initiating steps in the direction of peace. This resolution was proba bly communicated to the Tsar on Saturday.
(Reuter.)
local AND GEnERAL
Gatti' s Circus will make its debut at the Abbas Helmy Theatre to-morrow evening.
Asile Rudolph.—M. Pericles Anastasiadi has sent 1 to the Home in memory of the rate Giuseppe Salfati.
St. Petersburg, March 27.
The air is full of peace rumours. The latest reports go to show that tentative "pourparlers” of a most secret kind arc proceeding in a Scandinavian Capital with the object of ascer taining the conditions on both sides. (Reuter.)
REPORTED MASSACRE AT MUKDEN.
Mukden, March 27 The report of the massacre here, mentioned on the 23rd inst, is untrue.	(Reuter.)
AUSTRALIAN HORSES FOR JAPAN Sydney, March 27.
Eight steamers have been chartered by private firms here to convey to Hong-Kong nearly 10,000 horses which have been purchased on behalf of Japan. The first steamer sails in a fortnight.	(Reuter.)
JAPANESE FLEET.
Sandakan, March 27. Theenisers "Kasagi," "Chirose," "American and the “Yamata Marn” arrived at Labium on the 18th just and left on the 19th. Vice-Admiral Dewa was in command. (R.)
TROUBLE IN PERSIA.
Rushan (Persia), March 27. The population here have broken out against the Russian residents, who lied.
( Reuter
THE KAISER AT LISBON.
Hotel Beau-Rivage. — This fashionable Ramleh hotel, which opened for the summer season on the 20th inst, has lately undergone some structural alterations, with the result that its appointments are now of the most up-to- description. Every effort is being made by the management to ensure the comfort and convence of their visitors. Special care and attention is paid to private dinner parties, banquets, and catering for social functions of all descriptions, fetes, marriages, etc., for which ample room is provided by the hotel, its renowned garden, and the spacious terrace. An excellent cuisine, under the direction of an experienced French chef, will be a feature of the hotel. Amongst the | latest arrivals at the Beau Rivage we notice: Capt. and Mrs. W. H. Rotheram, Mr. A. S. White, Fieldmarechal Rither von Pallini, Dr. W. Y. Gambi, Mr. and Mrs. H. Peters, Vice-Admiral Count Cassini, Mr. and Mrs. Ferd. Bortolotti.
The above Egyptian company has been formed for the purpose of taking over all the three hotels at Assouan, viz., the Cataract, the Grand, and the Savoy Hotel on Elephantine Island. It is the intention of the new company to increase the accommodation of all the above hotels.
The company has also acquired the Luxor Hotel and the Karnak Hotel, together with 50,000 square metres of land adjacent to the Luxor Hotel and the banks of the Nile, which they consider the finest position in Luxor. Their intention is to build at once a large and entirely new hotel therein with at least 200 rooms, also at least twenty suites of private apartments, with bath-rooms and all the latest sanitary improvements and comforts attached thereto; thus enabling those visitors who may be desirous of making a long stay at Luxor and Thebes to do so in the greatest comfort and luxury.
Both Mr. George Nungovich and Mr. Baehler are personally participating in this business, as are also their respective companies, the Nungovich Hotels Co. and the Egyptian Hotels Co. Under such auspices this new venture cannot fail to be a great success.
We hope to be able to give full particulars as to the capital and constitution of the company in our to-morrow’s issue.
“Aigle," which left last, returned to buying encountered |
\
THE KHEDIVE.
Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the Gamalieh quarter of Cairo during the night of Wednesday and at daybreak on Thursday with be poisoned by the police.
Postal Guide.—The 1905 issue of the Egyptian Postal Guide has just reached us. It s replete with all information concerning the administration, and is sold at the minimum price of 10 mills.
Suez Canal.—10 vessels passed through the Canal on the 24-th inst., 5 of which were British, 2 Italian, 2 Russian, 1 French. The days receipts were frs. 231,356.99, making the total from the 1st inst. frs. 8,271,390.16.
Yesterday the Khedive gave audiences to M. Maximoff; Sheikh Abd-er-Rahman El Sher-bini, the new Rector of Al Azhar, and M.B. Moritz, director of the Khedivial Library.
This morning his Highness paid a visit to the Institute for the Blind at Zeitoun.
The Khedive has conferred the third class of the Medjidieh on Mr. Allred Sachs, late engineer of the 4th Irrigation Circle, on the occasion of his retirement from the service of the Government.
His Highness has promoted the following to the rank of Sanieh (Bey):—Mohamed Behgat Bey, moufetish of Ghezireh, Mausour Sidki Bey, secretary to Prince Mohamed Aly Pasha, and Elias Hakim Bey.
DISTINGUISHED DEPARTURES.
( From our Correspondent ).
Port Said, Monday.
The train which arrived here from Cairo this afternoon was composed of two portions, on account of the large number of passengers leaving Egypt by the P. and 0. Company’s S.S. ‘‘Arabia.” A special saloon-car was attached to the first portion for H.H. Prince Leopold of Battenberg, and the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire and the Countess de Pierrefonds arrived by the second portion in another saloon oar. They were received at the station by Mr. Tarrell, Director of Customs, M. Philipidis, and Mr. Watson, superintendent of the line.
KHEDIVIAL HONORS.
The Sanitary Administration has granted licenses to Mr. Tatius Samuel to practise as a pharmacist, to Mr. Annesley de R. Gordon, to practise as a veterinary surgeon, and to Mr. Missak Chamlian to practise as a doctor in Egypt.

Agriculturists’ Union. — The March Bulletin of the Union Syndicale des Agriculteurs d’Egypte contains a,report of the Union's banquet, with the text of the speeches delivered, also a review of the exhibits at the Agricultural Show.
Tantah Fair.—The fair of Sid Ahmed el-Bedawi will begin at Tantah on the 14th April. Owing to plague and cholera, the fair has not been held for six years, and it is therefore expected that an enormous concourse of people will attend.
Red Sea Lighthouses.— A packet of newspapers, magazines, etc., has been received with many thanks by H. H. S. “Aida,” from Mrs. Watkins, wife of Commander Watkins, R N.R., of the R.M.S. “Isis,” for distribution amongst the Red Soa lightkeepers, during the present visit of inspection of the ship to the lighthouses.
The King has given his sanction to the undermentioned to accept and wear decorations conferred upon them by the Khedive:—
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Medjidieh, Grand Officer.—Mr. Alfred Berry Brewster, Private Secretary to His Highness the Khedive.
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Medjidieh, First Class.—Mr. Alfred Mitchell Innes, Under Secretary of State for Finance.
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Medjidieh, Second Class.—George Samuel Abercrombie Harvey (Pasha), Inspector in the Ministry of the Interior.
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Osmanieh, First Class.—Mr. Vincent Henry Edwin Corbett, Financial Adviser to His Highness the Khedive.
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Osmanieh, Second Class.—Mr. Ambrose Anthony Ralli, Vice-President of the Alexandria Municipality.
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Osmanieh, Third Class.—Brevet-Col George Frederick Gorringe, C.M.G., D.S.O., Royal Engineers.
Imperial Ottoman Order of the Medjidieh, Third Class.—Quartermaster and Honorary Capt. George Whitefield Anderson, Seaforth Highlanders; Capt. Robert Vesey Savile, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment; and Capt. Alan Colquhoun Grant, Highland Light Infantry.
CAIRO HORTICULTURAL SHOW.
The following is the list of prize-winners in Division G. (Fruit):—
AMATEURS.
Class.
55. 12 Cedrats. Mr. Giliberti.
58. 24 Citrous, beladi. Reformatory.
60.	24 Blood Oranges. Bouiteau Bey.
61.	24 Mandarines. Bouiteau Bey.
62.	24 Narings. Bouiteau Bey.
64.	Basket of different kinds of Fruit Boni-teau Bey.
65.	Boniteau Bey for a kind of lemon; Mrs.
Joseph Allen for paupans.
NURSERYMEN.
Class.
66.	Bunch of Bananas. Abdou Eid; Moh. Said
el Kebir; Moh. Eid.
67.	12 Cedrats. Moh. Mustapha Ganigni.
24 Citrons, sweet Hafiz Haasan; Abbas Hassan; Moh. Said el Kebir.
24 Citrous, bitter. Ahmed Mohamed; Hafez Hassan; Hassan Shinawi
70.	24 Citrons, beladi. Hafez Hassan; Abbas Hassan; Moh. Said el Kebir.
71.	24 Ordinary Oranges. Hafez Hassan; Badr Ali; Moh. el Sinari.
72.	24 Blood Oranges. Moh. Said el Kebir; Moh. Eid; H. Shenawi.
24 Mandarines. H. Shenawi; Moh. Said el Kebir; Ali Es-Sayed.
24 Narings. H. Shinawi; Abbas Hassan; Moh. Hassan.
Strawberries, 1 kilo. Hassanem el Agamy;
Basket of different kinds of Fruit Moh.
Eid.
Abdou Eid, for melons.
On St Mark’s Day, April 25, 1855, Samuel Gobat, D.D., then Bishop of the United Church of England and Ireland in Jerusalem, oonse-crated St. Mark's Church at Alexandria. The church had been founded on August 22, 1838, at a meeting held in the house of Colonel Patrick Campbell (Agent and Consul-General in Egypt 1838-1839), and the foundation stone was laid,by Col. Campbell on December 14, 1839. The first chaplain, the Rev. Edmund Winder, M.A, R.N., was nominated by the Lord Bishop of London on August 10, 1840.
It is proposed, we understand, to observe the 50th anniversary of the consecration, which falls on April 25 next On the evening of that day an augmented choir will render in the church a sacred cantata entitled “The Holy City," composed by A.R. Gaul, Mus. Bac. Camb., organist of St Augustine's Church, Edgbaston.
BISHOP BLYTH’S VISIT.
On Saturday last (the festival of the Annunciation) Bishop Blyth celebrated the Holy Communion at St. Mark's Church at 8 a.m., assisted by the Rev. R. F. Rynd, B. A. This festival of the Annunciation was the 18th anniversary of his lordship’s consecration as Anglican Bishop in Jerusalem and the East.
In the afternoon, at 5.15 o'clock, the Chaplain, assisted by the Rev. R. F. Rynd, administered holy baptism to five adult candidates for confirmation.
At 6.15 p.m, there was evensong, the confirmation service, and address by the Bishop. The clergy present were the Chaplain, the two assistant chaplains, and the Rev. F. B. N. Norman-Lee, M.A., senior chaplain to the forces in Egypt. The prayers were taken by the R.F. Rynd, the lessons by the Rev. F.B.N. Norman-Lee, S.C.F., and the preface was read by the chaplain. The Rev. R. Wormell, M.A., acted as the Bishop’s chaplain and carried the staff. Twelve candidates were confirmed and a large congregation assembled to witness the administration of the rite. The service was choral, and thoroughly bright and hearty.
On Sunday, the Bishop, assisted by the chaplain, celebrated the Holy Communion at 8 a.m. in St. Mark’s, and preached at 11 a.m. and in All Saints', Ramleh, in the evening. The collections throughout the day were given to Jerusalem and the East Mission. At St Mark's P.T. 661 and at All Saints’ P.T. 819 were the amounts given at the collections.
The Bishop, in the course of his sermon, pointed out that of £8,000 raised by Jerusalem and the Eat Mission, nearly £1,000 was spent in Egypt. The needs of Tantah were also brought forward.
On Monday, the Bishop paid several visits, including one to Victoria College, where the headmaster, Mr. C.R. Lias, M. A., conducted his lordship, who was accompanied by Canon and Mrs. Ward, through the various classrooms. The Bishop was particularly struck by the bright and happy faces of the boys, and the spirit of friendliness and kindness which everywhere prevailed.
At noon Dr. Blyth and the Chaplain proceeded to the Deaconesses' Hospital to administer the rite of Confirmation to a can didate who through illness was unable to be presented on Saturday evening.
At 5.45 p.m. the Bishop, attended by the Chaplain, dedicated the marble portrait recently erected in St. Mark's Church in memory of the late Rev. Canon Davis, for 40 years the chaplain of this church.
The Bishop left to-day at noon for Cairo. On Friday next his lordship expects to leave Port Said by the Messageries Maritimes steamer for Beyrout.
The Duke and Duchess of Devonshire left
Cairo for England by the 11.10 a.m. train yesterday. The Duke and Duchess expressed to Mr. Wild, the popular manager of the Savoy Hotel, their great appreciation of their stay at the Savoy and their regret that it was not longer.
The Sirdar left Cairo at 6.30 p.m. on Sunday evening for Khartoum. He was accompanied by Sir R. Von Statin Pasha, Col. Talbot Pasha, Col; Watson Pasha, and several other members of the Sudan Government.
Herr von Mohl, German Commissioner of the Public Debt, has come down to Alex-andria to meet his son, who arrived by the Messageries steamer from Marseilles and
Oxford for the Easter vacation
The. P. and 0. S.S. “Arabia”(Capt J. Leigh), which left Port Said yesterday for Marseilles and London, had on board many distinguished passengers from Bombay. Among them were the Earl of Stair, Hon. Mrs. Gerard, General Sir George and Lady Pretyman, Lady Maclean and two daughters, Sir P. and Lady Playfair, Sir J. Lambert, Sir C. A. and Lady White, Sir Grey Egerton, and the Kani Saniba of Kaparthala.
Last night’s small dance at Shepheard’s Hotel was a great success. Several dinner parties were given in the restaurant and in the private dining-rooms. Baron Drasche entertained a party of 11, including Mrs, Bailey, Mrs. Campbell, Miss Hurley, Capt. Byrne, Miss Thurley, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Goschen, Mr. Rumbold, Mr. Tod and Mr. Hume. Mr. Kirkwood had a party of 6, Mrs. Mathews bad a party of 8, including Prof. Hunt and Prof Grenfell; Mr. Pennimann enter-tained a party of 6, including Consul-General Riddle; Mr. Kirkwood a party of 6; Baroness de Furstenweith and Mrs. de Heydweiler, Baron aad Baroness von Alton, Oberfieutenant V. Wedl, etc.

OBITUARY.
W. DEMPSTER
We regret to announce the death of Mr. W. Dempster, of the New Egyptian Co., Ltd., Cairo. Deceased had retired to bed last night at the Grand Continental Hotel, to all appearances in perfect health, and was found dead by the servant this morning. Heart failure is believed to be the cause of his death, the news of which has been received with extreme regret by a large circle of friends.
BULLETIN DR LA BOURSE
TRADE WITH CYPRUS.
Principal Exports from Larnaca and Limassol to Egypt during February, 1905.
Larnaca
London. March 27.
The Prince of Wales has been appointed Grand Master of the Order of St. Michael and St George is succession to the Duke of Cambridge.	( Reuter) t
London, March 27. -England beat Wales by
(Reuter.)
LINCOLNSHIRE HANDICAP.
Betting—5 to 1 against Andria and Rosebery ; 6 to 1 against Vadas ; 100 to 9 against Catty Cray; 100 to 8 against Green Peter; 100 to 7 against Le Blizon.	(Reuter.)
Egyptian State Railways.—The Board of Administration inform us that, commencing from Saturday, 1st April next, a sleeping car will be attached to the 11.15 p.m. trains from Cairo to Alexandria and from Alexandria to Cairo. The system of supplying rugs, etc., on hire in these trains, will be discontinued on and from the above-mentioned date. They also state that on and from Saturday, the 15th April, the dining-car service on the Luxor-Sheilal line will be suppressed.
ZEITOUN BLIND SCHOOL.
VISITED BY THE KHEDIVE.
H.H. the Khedive visited the Institution for the Blind at Zeitoun this morning. His Highness was met at the entrance and conducted over the institution by Mr. A. D. Alban, chairman of the committee of manage ment, Dr. Kenneth Scott, the hon. secretary, and Mr. W. R. W. Gardiner. His Highness took a great interest in the management of the institution and expressed his approval of its aims and work.
Waste Ground in the City.—Our attention has been called to the fact that there is a vacant plot of land in the El Naga quarter, at the corner of the two roads Sidi Awad and Sakai Bakir, where nuisances are constantly committed by natives, and from which a most unpleasant smell issues, in addition to the disgusting sights daily to be seen there. This is not by any means the only place of the kind in the city, and we are asked to urge upon the Municipality the necessity for effectually closing such places,—especially in view of the hot weather which is now setting in.
Tableaux Vivants.—A series of “living pictures," entitled “Cinderella,” is to be given at the Zizinia Theatre on April ll in aid of the Foundlings’ Home. The characters are as follows : Cinderella, Mme Bacos ; Prince Charming, Mr. Caravia; Fairy Godmother,
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
DEUTSCHER SPORTVEREIN.
The annual theatrical performance of the German Sporting Club came off on Saturday night at the Eden Theatre, which had been profusely decorated for the occasion. The curtain rose for the comedy “English Spoken,” in which Miss von Tschudi interpreted the  runaway young lady exceedingly well, Mr. Sick providing a clever character study of the rich father. Among the minor parts which were held by Messrs. Frey, Quelle, Loucke, and Liudemann, we must specially mention the latter, who greatly amused the audience as interpreter. The next items, "The Siamese Triplets" and the imitation of Fregoli, caused roars of laughter, but the last item, the “Kalam Arabi," was universally considered as the “clou” of the evening. The authors of this farce, Messrs. Lindemann and Mors, are to be congratulated on their excellent rendering of Alexandrian kitchen life and kitchen Arabic. All the parts of the five servants and the lady were held by mem-
The Moss liner “Menes” arrived yesterday evening from Liverpool, via Gibraltar, Algiers, and Malta, with passengers, mails, and general cargo.
The S.S. “City of Cambridge” arrived at Liverpool last night, and the S.S. “City of Khios" sailed for that port this morning.
(Avjourd kui a midi et demie)
Apart la.Daira, qui est tres forme a 25 1/2, toute la cote est faible ou en baisse.
La National Bank recule a 26 15/16, l'A-gricloe a 11 3/16, la Banque d’Athenes a 117. l’Investment a 2 11/32, la Bebera a 49, la Salt & Soda a 40/3, les Privilegiees Tramways a 145 1/2 et la Ramleh Railway a 7 11/16.
On offre les Cotton Mills a 5/9, las Markets a 23, l’Anglo-American Nile a 5 29/82 et la Khediviaial Mail a 5 3/16.
Bes affaires defaut et le mahise domine sur le marche	 </div>
                            <div type="page" n="4"> </div>
                            <div type="page" n="5"> </div>
                            <div type="page" n="6"> </div>
                        </body>
                    </text>
                </TEI>
